refactor: remove all *.md, add link to criptapp.org (#27)
C-Accel-CRIPT/criptscripts: README.md

[![CRIPT Scripts logo](./assets/images/criptscripts-logo.svg)](https://criptscripts.org/)

> This is the repository of the [CRIPTScrips](https://criptscripts.org/) website. The content of this repository is referenced by [https://criptapp.org/resources/scripts/](https://criptapp.org/resources/scripts/).

Author: ```suggestion
This repository contains various scripts/graph/JSON referenced by [https://criptapp.org/resources/scripts/](https://criptapp.org/resources/scripts/).
It is also contains a static website for criptscripts.org (a single page that redirect to criptapp.org). This website is deprecated and will be completely deleted soon.
```
